{{ attendee.first_name }},

This Saturday, Nov 17th at 12PM we are having our annual staff meeting at our venue, The Gaylord National in National Harbor MD (the same hotel where Magfest actually takes place).  Parking is cheapest ($11/night) at the garage across the street from the Gaylord.

The main meeting will take place in Annapolis 3 (above the main hotel lobby) starting at 12pm.  Most of this meeting will be myself and some folks from STOPS (Staffing Operations Department) going over a lot of basic procedure, room layouts, organizational changes, etc.  We'll have tons of time for questions and answers here too.

At some point, we will break from the big meeting room to go on a tour of all of our spaces in the hotel, not quite sure what time yet. We may not be able to see all of our spaces due to other groups using them.

If you have questions about the meeting or something you'd like to present / announce / have us announce at the meeting, please send it to me by Friday afternoon (email dom@magfest.org).  I'd also love if each department could send me some kind of synopsis about what cool stuff is happening in their world.

I expect all the official meeting proceedings, Q+A, etc, to end somewhere around 6PM, or possibly earlier.

Before and after that there will be plenty of people hanging around and I encourage people to have their own informal department meetings if you like. This is a rare chance to see a lot of geographically distant people in person, so I encourage everyone to take advantage of it.

There is an extremely limited amount of crash space for Friday and Saturday nights at the hotel for people coming from far away.  Please email ubercc@magfest.org if you would like to request crash space in a shared room.

This is the facebook event page for the meeting, please RSVP so we know how many people are coming:
http://www.facebook.com/events/194878343982067/

I hope you guys are ready for chaos. Our numbers across the board are way up this year, we're projecting between 8,000 to 10,000 people this year.  We're showing 60%+ growth over last year's numbers for both registration and hotel room pickup so far, it's going to be a massive jump in growth this year.

\m/
-Dom
